[LLM] Add code llama example (#3050)
skypilot-org/skypilot: llm/codellama/README.md

> # Serving Code Llama

Reviewer: Might be good for SEO to add vLLM in the title
```suggestion
# Serving Code Llama with vLLM
```

Author: Good point! Updated. Thanks!

> [Code Llama](https://github.com/facebookresearch/codellama) is a code-specialized version of Llama 2 that was created by further training Llama 2 on its code-specific datasets, sampling more data from that same dataset for longer. On Jan 29th, 2024, Meta releases the Code Llama 70B, the largest and best-performing model in the Code Llama family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Code Llama](https://github.com/facebookresearch/codellama) is a code-specialized version of Llama 2 that was created by further training Llama 2 on its code-specific datasets, sampling more data from that same dataset for longer. On Jan 29th, 2024, Meta released the Code Llama 70B, the largest and best-performing model in the Code Llama family.
```

## References
* [Llama-2 Example](../../llm/llama-2/)
* [Code Llama release](https://ai.meta.com/blog/code-llama-large-language-model-coding/)
* [Code Llama paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.12950)

## Why use SkyPilot/SkyServe to deploy over commercial hosted solutions?

> * Get the best GPU availability by utilizing multiple resources pools across multiple regions and clouds.
> * Enable scaling up to multiple replicas across different locations and accelerators with a single endpoint exposed.
> * Everything stays in your cloud account (your VMs & buckets)
> * No one else sees your chat history
> * Pay absolute minimum — no managed solution markups

Reviewer: Consider moving the cost benefit up front
```suggestion
* Get the best GPU availability by utilizing multiple resources pools across multiple regions and clouds.
* Pay absolute minimum — SkyPilot picks the cheapest resources across regions and clouds. No managed solution markups.
* Enable scaling up to multiple replicas across different locations and accelerators with a single endpoint exposed.
* Everything stays in your cloud account (your VMs & buckets)
* No one else sees your chat history
```

## Running your own Code Llama with SkyPilot

> You can now host your own Code Llama with SkyPilot using 1-click.

Reviewer: Should we add a quick link to the installation instructions for people who may be new to SkyPilot?:
```suggestion
After [installing SkyPilot](https://skypilot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started/installation.html), run your own Code Llama on vLLM with SkyPilot in 1-click:
```

> 1. Start serving the Code Llam on a single instance with any available GPU specified in the [endpoint.yaml](endpoint.yaml) with an OpenAI-compatible endpoint exposed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start servingCode Llama on a single instance with any available GPU in the list specified in [endpoint.yaml](endpoint.yaml) with a vLLM powered OpenAI-compatible endpoint:
```

 GCP     a2-ultragpu-8g              96      1360      A100-80GB:8    us-central1-a   40.22               
 AWS     p4de.24xlarge               96      1152      A100-80GB:8    us-east-1       40.97               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Launching a cluster 'code-llama'. Proceed? [Y/n]: 
```
2. Send a request to the endpoint for code completion:
```bash
IP=$(sky status --ip code-llama)

curl -L http://$IP:8000/v1/completions \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
      "model": "codellama/CodeLlama-70b-Python-hf",
      "prompt": "def quick_sort(a: List[int]):",
      "max_tokens": 256
  }' | jq -r '.choices[0].text'
```

This returns the following completion:
```python
    if len(a) <= 1:
        return a
    pivot = a.pop(len(a)//2)
    b = []
    c = []
    for i in a:
        if i > pivot:
            b.append(i)
        else:
            c.append(i)
    b = quick_sort(b)
    c = quick_sort(c)
    res = []
    res.extend(c)
    res.append(pivot)
    res.extend(b)
    return res
```

## Scale up the service with SkyServe

> 1. To scale up the Code Llama service is as simple as running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scaling up the Code Llama service is as simple as running:
```

Author: Good call. Updated.

```bash
sky serve up -n code-llama ./endpoint.yaml
```

> This will start the service with multiple replicas on cheapest available locations and accelerators, and SkyServe will automatically manage the replicas, monitor the healthiness of the replicas, and restart the replicas when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start the service with multiple replicas on the cheapest available locations and accelerators. SkyServe will automatically manage the replicas, monitor their health, and restart them when needed.
```

> This will start the service with multiple replicas on the cheapest available locations and accelerators. SkyServe will automatically manage the replicas, monitor their health, and restart them when needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will start the service with multiple replicas on the cheapest available locations and accelerators. SkyServe will automatically manage the replicas, monitor their health, autoscale based on load, and restart them when needed.
```

> A single endpoint will be returned and any request sent to the endpoint will be routed to the healthy replicas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A single endpoint will be returned and any request sent to the endpoint will be routed to the ready replicas.
```

2. To check the status of the service, run:
```bash
sky serve status code-llama
```
After a while, you will see the following output:
```console
Services
NAME        VERSION  UPTIME  STATUS        REPLICAS  ENDPOINT            
code-llama  1        -       READY         2/2       3.85.107.228:30002  

Service Replicas
SERVICE_NAME  ID  VERSION  IP  LAUNCHED    RESOURCES                   STATUS REGION  
code-llama    1   1        -   2 mins ago  1x Azure({'A100-80GB': 2})) READY  eastus  
code-llama    2   1        -   2 mins ago  1x GCP({'L4': 8}))          READY  us-east4-a 
```
As shown, the service is now backed by 2 replicas, one on Azure and one on GCP, and the accelerator

> type is chosen to be **the cheapest and available one** on the clouds. That said, it maximizes the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
type is chosen to be **the cheapest available one** on the clouds. That said, it maximizes the
```

> availability of the service while minimizing the cost.

Reviewer 2: What does it mean by 'maximize availability' here

Author: More like it increases the chance of getting the resources with all the candidate resources in multiple resource pools.

3. To access the model, we use the same curl command to send the request to the endpoint:
```bash
ENDPOINT=$(sky serve status --endpoint code-llama)

curl -L http://$ENDPOINT/v1/completions \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
      "model": "codellama/CodeLlama-70b-Python-hf",
      "prompt": "def quick_sort(a: List[int]):",
      "max_tokens": 256
  }' | jq -r '.choices[0].text'
```

## **Optional:** Chat with Code Llama

We can also chat with Code Llama using the same endpoint by using the `codellama/CodeLlama-70b-Instruct-hf` model.
To test it, we first replace the model in the [endpoint.yaml](endpoint.yaml) with the instruction-tuned model:
```bash
sed -i 's/codellama\/CodeLlama-70b-Python-hf/codellama\/CodeLlama-70b-Instruct-hf/g' endpoint.yaml
```
Then, we launch the service with the new endpoint:
```bash
sky serve up -n code-llama ./endpoint.yaml
```
Or, we can update the existing service:
```bash
sky serve update code-llama ./endpoint.yaml
```

```bash
ENDPOINT=$(sky serve status --endpoint code-llama-instruct)

> curl -L http://$ENDPOINT/v1/chat/completions \

Reviewer: Wondering - is there some fastchat like web interface that we could use here? Having a in-browser chat interface with code llama would be a powerful demo!

Author: Great point! Just added a web GUI that connects to the endpoint our skyserve starts, and a demo GIF in the readme. : )

    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
      "model": "codellama/CodeLlama-70b-Instruct-hf",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "system",

>           "content": "You are ahelpful and honest code assistant expert in Python."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "content": "You are a helpful and honest code assistant expert in Python."
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

> # Serving Code Llama 70B with vLLM and SkyServe

Reviewer 3: How about leading with SkyPilot / SkyPilot Serving?  In case this creates confusion.  In the main text we can clarify SkyServe = SkyPilot Serving.
